all: implement `@VCURRENTHASH` to replace `C.V_CURRENT_COMMIT_HASH` (#19514)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

- `@VEXEROOT`  => will be substituted with the *folder*,
  where the V executable is (as a string).
- `@VHASH`  => replaced with the shortened commit hash of the V compiler (as a string).

> - `@VCURRENTHASH` => Similar to `@VHASH`, except this changes, when `./v self` is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@VCURRENTHASH` => Similar to `@VHASH`, but changes when the compiler is recompiled on a different commit (after local modifications, or after using git bisect etc).
```
